# Testing and Building with DUNE

DUNE makes it easier to test locally. Performing integration tests with DUNE requires some setup.
[DUNE may be installed from git hub](https://github.com/eosnetworkfoundation/DUNE)

## Open Local Node Port

Need to change **scripts/config.ini** from `http-server-address = 127.0.0.1:8888` to `http-server-address = 0.0.0.0:8888`. This will enable port 8888 to listen on all ports, and that is needed because docker runs on a different network.

This is part of the docker image, so this must be completed before running `bootstrap`. If you already have a docker image you can
* Destroy the docker container
* Remove docker image
* Re-run bootstrap

An alternative option is to enter the docker container, change the configuration, and restart the node.

## DUNE Keys

Once you follow the directions you need to grap the keys for the existing eosio account.

```
egrep 'priv_key|pub_key' src/dune/*.py
```

## Start a Node

Start a node if you haven't already
```
dune --start test_node
```

## Create Wallet
Start a Docker shell. Must be done locally due to permission problems with DUNE. 
```
docker exec -it dune_container /bin/bash
```
Commands to make wallet 
```
cleos wallet create -n bob -f jungle4-wallet/bob.wallet
cleos wallet unlock -n bobtestlion1 --password $(cat jungle4-wallet/bob.wallet)
```

## Create Accounts

Now we can create our test accounts. In the examples below replace, **priv_key** and **pub_key** with the values from [DUNE Keys](#DUNE Keys)

```
dune --create-key
dune --create-account bob eosio pub_key priv_key
dune --create-key
dune --create-account alice eosio pub_key priv_key
```

## Add Private Key to Wallet

Use bob's priv_key
Note done locally
```
cleos wallet import -n bobtestlion1 --private-key priv_key
```

## Test Transfer
Note done locally
```
cleos transfer bob alice "0.001 EOS" "Hodl!" -p bob
```

## Private Keys in Tests

Look at `src/tests/node.js` and `src/tests/web.html` to make sure the private key matches DUNE's.

## Run Tests

```
npm run test node
```

If you want just the integration tests run.
```angular2html
npm run test-node
```
